how the local event chair and today
we're going to be looking at one of the
biggest installments of the mice workers
mod now we're gonna start with the
farmers and before it's going to show
you how to craft it if you guys don't
remember we're going to need some valve
is put workbench down come over here
which would you can make a circle like
so swimming a blank mice workers a box
and then we're going to need a wooden
axe and hear what you do is this is now
I tiered system so you have your wood
your stone and your iron and then gold
stupid under blank box and they'll pop
this up and left click this box with
whatever tool you once you're doing like
a lumberjack a wooden level one you just
left hip box oops with the creative mode
off there we go left click the box and
it will automatically make the guy now
they ask for stuff like before however
the first level Lumberjacks created back
on the first little Lumberjacks will
make birch trees as you can see right
here which it then moves on to regular
trees then dark wood and then lastly for
diamonds you get dark wood but you get
twice the amount this guy needs 16
inches
work and drop ball down and yeah so you
get twice the cut twice the amount for
the the diamond and you have your iron
which is just dark wood and the
irregular for stone over here we have
our mind our minds as you can see these
guys have been busy busy busy this is
Diane is as you can see a quite wider
area and all the are useless start
stacking our test all the good stuff we
put the chest as you can see there's
quite a bit of stuff that he mind that's
where diculous mountain iron and diamond
and they go pretty far as you can see
most of the torches go out pretty far
down there next we have the iron which
same thing the second air a little bit
smaller area as you get stone it's
smaller and wooden is a one by three she
goes just as far but it doesn't get now
heading over here to the farmers we have
our wooden level right here which all he
gets us is up some wheat and he'll just
put in the chest over here you have your
pumpkin farmer which is stone level as
you see let's pumpkins
this guy he just makes it welcome get
some melon and I think he makes you food
what happens in this guy he makes all
kinds of stuff as your diamond home key
food and maybe twice the drops on
everything and then the trader if you
guys have seen the trader version he
nothing's really changed in you still
don't trade you all kinds of stuffs so
again this is the mice workers mod the
most recent update trying to serve in
turn the shaft handlers hope you guys
enjoy this to subscribe like and comment
and follow us on twitter at twitter.com
/ half tailors thanks guys have a good
one